# In this project I take a dataset from a business that sells bikes. First I added filters to each of the columns to check for any spelling errors or inconsistencies that remove duplicates wont catch.  In this dataset there weren't any so I used the remove duplicates feature next.  After, I changed the columns marital status and gender from "m" and "s" to "married" or "single" and "m" and "f" to "male" or "female" just to make it more clear in my dashboard latter on.  To do this I used the find and replace feature then verified all of them were changed using the filters I setup at the beginning. Next, I added a new column which used nested if/then statements to create 3 categories(old, adolescent, middle age) for customers ages. Then I created a new worksheet and began creating my pivot tables.  I choose to create 3 pivot tables that I thought could give insight on customers purchasing decisions.  The first was a graph showing the avg income of customers that bought bikes vs ones that didn't.  The next was a graph that showed the number of bikes purchased based on customers commute distance.  Finally, the last graph shows the age demographics of customers.  Once I finished all 3 pivot tables I created a dashboard with them all on one page and added filters for marital status, region, and education to help explore the data more.  

After creating these metrics and analysing them I would advise the business to focus on customers who are single that commute 0-1 miles to work because the data shows that those customers are more likely to make purchases than people who are married or commute longer distances.  Also, the data suggests that the middle age(31-54) category is the majority demographic of customers so it would make sense to focus on middle age customers as opposed to adolescents or old customers.  Finally,  the data suggests that customers who earn more money on average are slightly more likely to purchase a bike.  However, the difference in average income is negligible from the average income of customers who didn't purchase a bike so I wouldn't take any action with this data in mind.
